chore: change useStore link (#4601)
BuilderIO/qwik: packages/docs/src/routes/tutorial/hooks/use-signal/index.mdx

  - manucorporat
  - adamdbradley
  - neonpie
  - GustavoMelloGit
---

> Use `useSignal()` to store any single value similar to `useStore()`. `useSignal` is heavily optimized when it comes to re-rendering components. It is able to skip re-renderings of parent components even when the signal itself is defined in the parent. `useSignal` works with all [primitive types](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive) as well as with not nested / flat objects. If you need to store arrays or complex objects use [useStore](https://qwik.builder.io/docs/components/state/#usestore) instead.

Reviewer: This would be even better! since it would be checked at compiler time that the link exists!
```suggestion
Use `useSignal()` to store any single value similar to `useStore()`. `useSignal` is heavily optimized when it comes to re-rendering components. It is able to skip re-renderings of parent components even when the signal itself is defined in the parent. `useSignal` works with all [primitive types](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive) as well as with not nested / flat objects. If you need to store arrays or complex objects use [useStore](/docs/(qwik)/components/state/index.mdx#usestore) instead.
```
